don't bring anyone love into this and if
you're black and you want to rent free
lifestyle fuck me come over here and
fuck me right now whatever you want piss
on me slap me hit me this in my own eyes
you try it out my bills and try it out
looks like a piss let me try it out fuck
man I'm look at the hardcore guys and me
you know you are what I want to deliver
it I'm a hot fall by trash come dump
let's fuck his teeth don't look good
either nothing's going on good black
guys love to fuck and fuck good if
you're a hot black guy okay would you
rather would you rather you're a hot
black guy yeah would you rather bang
ugly ron jeremy
yeah and ron jeremy ain't so good this
is his retarded brother yeah dawn jeremy
so would you ever bang this guy done
jeremy yeah or the 2016 benadryl guy
oh my god he's they're both super horny
okay it's a filler up sealer shut here's
the thing are you doing the 16 benadryl
guy or the first of all as always i
applaud you and your impromptu filler
ups and would you a you're really gifted
this yeah this is what i would take for
the network's to pitch if I were you if
you were pitch an idea you know I am
looking to pitch so I Dog Day Afternoon
Yeah right
come come with the tools with the man
love in the middle right good idea
liking farting on dogs heads is another
TV show so far I mean I could see NBC
ABC Fox CBS we're also gonna take this
thing broadcast network shows yeah okay
so who are you gonna bang is that the 16
benadryl is why it's interesting to me
here's the good news they're both
enthusiastic lovers
they're both definitely not not horny
you're right
charge just to remind people who you're
talking about
[Music]
if you want to be horny for two or three
hours like you've never been in your
life you have access to marijuana -
mm-hmm good weed listen to me okay
true we to Lunken gets you really
hornier than normal but it's been on
drew take about 10-12 been a girl before
you want to have your sexual fun with
your partner or whatever you do or
masturbate alright have a heart attack
go to office but with this hundred yard
stare that's permanently in his eyes
there's definitely plans and plots on
the wall behind him of people to take
out him and his benadryl in his week
with this closet though he does have a
nice closet behind it he's following
fucking cash for above elude light a
laughing gas or whatever it so it's him
it's do I want to fuck him home was
Wharram birth ugh I'm gonna come move in
a friend come woman to man
free Reggie gillies Mikey fuck me piss
somebody beat me homey I know you see me
wanna come over today and try it out try
it out man yeah I mean there you know we
got to do dial it's different styles you
know what I wish we could do is like a
dating game where we can match the
perfect homeless person with either of
these gentlemen yeah yeah no that's good
and they answer questions but you know
it's just silly fun so what do you well
I mean we could add a third how about
the fuck me in my ass now let's keep it
to the homeless guy gets raped by a gay
ghost no I think it's good to keep it to
the two guys that can string sentences
together but who are you going for it's
a good it's really good because it
they're both alarming individuals and
terrifying in different ways see I think
a lot of people terrifying in different
ways is an excellent frame yeah yeah a
lot of people would in this situation be
like I'm staying away from the fucking
me for free rent black
poof why is that well it's just it seems
so direct and aggressive sure and the
aggression can be off-putting to some
people go you go oh the benadryl guy
he's pretty chill he's just sitting on
the couch he's just like smoke some weed
but that guy has some really really
scary things going on that you didn't
necessarily see in that video luckily
for us we have more than one video of
him do you think he's making a suit out
of lady skin and he's got a girl in a
well I think the benadryl is scarier
actually I think there's a lot below the
surface that's what I'm saying the
Benedick he's got a girl that he's
starving to make a lady dress I would
never so much my family's tried to get
me to watch regular porn they call it
fuck you and your porn and your the way
you make out and your stupid boring
fucking bullshit mm-hmm okay this guy in
a cabin with a that only he has the key
to is is the end of your life for sure
but wait and the free rent guys like
beat the piss out of me but that's what
he's saying - he's like I don't like
regular no no I like wild stuff what's
wrong with you the other guy likes wild
stuff too you want to be adventurous you
like that other guy's direct in that he
wants basically to be submissive he
wants you to be very dominant and
aggressive this guy like that do you
like that you like taking the lead I
don't know extra thing you're always in
when you know right I'm thinking the
only thing is gonna I'm gonna problem
with the other guys I'm not black that's
gonna piss him off well okay let's let's
lift that Lamborghini member taimi
let's lift that requirement for this for
the sake of this fill er up sealer shut
yeah now this guy's a serial killer you
like serial kill no no I like watching
shows about them I don't like them you
like them creepy no the two of you could
talk about killing millions all of your
own by your
and you're all a bunch of fucking pieces
of shit
mmm God doesn't love any of you anymore
you're fucked
Here I am on the planet with your
motherfucker
hmm have a good day motherfucker oh
that's how my mom used to end her
letters those pupils huh the pupils are
wild it is in the eyes what this guy
he's severely mentally ill is that or
just whacked out on the drugs the drugs
aren't helping the mental decline yeah
put it that way I think I'd have to fuck
the guy that once we get pissed on for
rent and good news free rent
you don't bring that part I got a
mortgage Jesus right yeah you're saving
cash with that guy the mustache guy
you're having a good time everyone it's
a win-win think he'd pick up my lambo
payments I don't know if he's capable of
that yeah but I mean he is giving you
something too which is nice
free rent you can you can bring a friend
hardcore guys rent utilities in a cage
fuck me you get a lease and a key yeah
Wow now and you can also bring a buddy
along so which buddy are you bringing
along oh that's interesting I mean I
would either bring along bird or
sickle-cell or Ari yeah any any of those
dudes would be down I mean Ari's kind of
homeless all the time yeah he kind of
has like homeless guy vibes yeah he does
he looks homeless except sorry yeah for
sure
all right I'm not black yeah but you
look dirty and you look like you you
know you live on the streets like you
will come in here piss on me fuck me for
rent okay
oh yeah now see I oh man if I were a guy
I guess in order to fill her up in
sealer shut I would have to be a guy in
this scenario mm-hmm I'm gonna have to
go with you on this one because I am
afraid that the Benadryl guy well can I
kill you cut you up
yeah so you would you would piss on and
beat the other guy sure and put a strap
on it's free rent and a buddy gets to
come along when he once he he wants to
be nailed so sure you'd do the strap-on
yeah no prob our
drive on no prob yeah no I'll practice
before I go in on whoever is here in
front of me no you won't let me practice
on you no babe we're talking Lambeau
payments he said I don't think he could
take over those payments
[Music]